Adding note for experimental and hidden flags (#2571)
GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse: README.md

For information about pricing for Cloud Storage FUSE, see https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gcs-fuse#charges.

> ## Agreement on Flag Compatibility

Reviewer: I dont think we should put this in the main readme page. Its not that important imo to be put it in first page. This will be visible in the repo page as soon as someone wants to use fuse. 
Can we add it in the usage or any other readme file.

> `Experimental` and `hidden` flags are subject to change at any time and should be used with caution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Experimental` and `hidden` flags are subject to changed/removed even across minor releases and have no SLA.
```

> `Experimental` and `hidden` flags are subject to changed/removed even across minor releases and have no SLA.

Reviewer: Also, users dont even know about hidden flags. It seems unnecessary to mention here.
Experimental seems like a note we could add in the flags page or in the dev guide.
